<!--
Automatically generated HTML file from DocOnce source
(https://github.com/doconce/doconce/)
-->
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="generator" content="DocOnce: https://github.com/doconce/doconce/" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<meta name="description" content="Quantum Computing DoE project">

<title>Quantum Computing DoE project</title>


<style type="text/css">
/* bloodish style */

body {
  font-family: Helvetica, Verdana, Arial, Sans-serif;
  color: #404040;
  background: #ffffff;
}
h1 { font-size: 1.8em;  color: #8A0808; }
h2 { font-size: 1.6em;  color: #8A0808; }
h3 { font-size: 1.4em;  color: #8A0808; }
h4 { color: #8A0808; }
a { color: #8A0808; text-decoration:none; }
tt { font-family: "Courier New", Courier; }
/* pre style removed because it will interfer with pygments */
p { text-indent: 0px; }
hr { border: 0; width: 80%; border-bottom: 1px solid #aaa}
p.caption { width: 80%; font-style: normal; text-align: left; }
hr.figure { border: 0; width: 80%; border-bottom: 1px solid #aaa}
.alert-text-small   { font-size: 80%;  }
.alert-text-large   { font-size: 130%; }
.alert-text-normal  { font-size: 90%;  }
.alert {
  padding:8px 35px 8px 14px; margin-bottom:18px;
  text-shadow:0 1px 0 rgba(255,255,255,0.5);
  border:1px solid #bababa;
  border-radius: 4px;
  -webkit-border-radius: 4px;
  -moz-border-radius: 4px;
  color: #555;
  background-color: #f8f8f8;
  background-position: 10px 5px;
  background-repeat: no-repeat;
  background-size: 38px;
  padding-left: 55px;
  width: 75%;
 }
.alert-block {padding-top:14px; padding-bottom:14px}
.alert-block > p, .alert-block > ul {margin-bottom:1em}
.alert li {margin-top: 1em}
.alert-block p+p {margin-top:5px}
.alert-notice { background-image: url(https://cdn.rawgit.com/doconce/doconce/master/bundled/html_images/small_gray_notice.png); }
.alert-summary  { background-image:url(https://cdn.rawgit.com/doconce/doconce/master/bundled/html_images/small_gray_summary.png); }
.alert-warning { background-image: url(https://cdn.rawgit.com/doconce/doconce/master/bundled/html_images/small_gray_warning.png); }
.alert-question {background-image:url(https://cdn.rawgit.com/doconce/doconce/master/bundled/html_images/small_gray_question.png); }

div { text-align: justify; text-justify: inter-word; }
</style>


</head>

<!-- tocinfo
{'highest level': 2,
 'sections': [('Tentative agenda', 2, None, 'tentative-agenda'),
              ('Overview of budget and students',
               2,
               None,
               'overview-of-budget-and-students'),
              ('Present students, funding status and planned defense',
               2,
               None,
               'present-students-funding-status-and-planned-defense'),
              ('We need to update what we have published',
               2,
               None,
               'we-need-to-update-what-we-have-published'),
              ('Recruiting of students', 2, None, 'recruiting-of-students'),
              ('New plans/proposals and existing proposal we are involved in',
               2,
               None,
               'new-plans-proposals-and-existing-proposal-we-are-involved-in'),
              ('Website', 2, None, 'website'),
              ('Other topics', 2, None, 'other-topics')]}
end of tocinfo -->

<body>

    
<!-- ------------------- main content ---------------------- -->



<center><h1>Quantum Computing DoE project</h1></center>  <!-- document title -->

<p>
<!-- author(s): Alexei Bazavov, Scott Bogner, Heiko Hergert, Matt Hirn, Morten Hjorth-Jensen, Dean Lee, Huey-Wen Lin, Andrea Shindler -->

<center>
<b>Alexei Bazavov, Scott Bogner, Heiko Hergert, Matt Hirn, Morten Hjorth-Jensen, Dean Lee, Huey-Wen Lin, Andrea Shindler</b> 
</center>

<p>
<!-- institution(s) -->

<br>
<p>
<center><h4>June 16, 2021</h4></center> <!-- date -->
<br>
<p>
<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="tentative-agenda">Tentative agenda </h2>

<p>
A tentative agenda for the meeting is

<ol>
<li> overview of budget and students</li>
<li> what we have done till now (short reports by each work package and present students)</li>
<li> recruiting of students</li>
<li> new plans/proposals and existing proposals we are involved in</li>
<li> website or similar things for the project.</li>
<li> other topics and feel free to propose other topics</li>
</ol>

<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="overview-of-budget-and-students">Overview of budget and students </h2>

<p>
Sue Hopper made projection for our DOE grant. The projection shows an
approximate overdraft amount of 21kUSD at the end of Summer 2022 and is
based on the following:

<p>
<div class="alert alert-block alert-block alert-text-normal">
<b>Students</b>
<p>

<ol>
<li> Joseph Bonitati: 100% Fall 2021 through Summer 2022</li>
<li> Nicholas Cariello: 100% Summer 2021 through Summer 2022</li>
<li> Gabriel Given: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021</li>
<li> Ben Hall: 100% through Summer 2022</li>
<li> Caleb Hicks: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021</li>
<li> Danny Jammoa: 100% Fall 2021 through Summer 2022</li>
<li> Giovanni Pederiva: 100% through Summer 2022</li>
<li> Avik Sarkar: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021</li>
</ol>
</div>


<p>
You should have received Sue's overview. I will send this monthly/quarterly update as soon as they are available.

<p>
<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="present-students-funding-status-and-planned-defense">Present students, funding status and planned defense </h2>

<p>
Our basic assumption  was one graduate student per work package (approximate)

<p>
<div class="alert alert-block alert-block alert-text-normal">
<b>Students</b>
<p>

<ol>
<li> Joseph Bonitati: 100% Fall 2021 through Summer 2022   (Dean, WP2)</li>
<li> Nicholas Cariello: 100% Summer 2021 through Summer 2022  (Scott, Heiko and Dean, WP2 and WP4), presents thesis 2024 (?)</li>
<li> Gabriel Given: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021, present thesis 2023 (Dean, WP2)</li>
<li> Ben Hall: 100% through Summer 2022, (Morten, WP4) presents thesis spring/summer 2022 (this summer NASA internship)</li>
<li> Caleb Hicks: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021 (Dean, WP2). Thesis 2024.</li> 
<li> Danny Jammoa: 100% Fall 2021 through Summer 2022, presents thesis 2025  (Matt, Dean and Morten, WP1). This summer LANL internship</li>
<li> Giovanni Pederiva: 100% through Summer 2022, thesis summer/fall 2022 (Andrea, WP3)</li>
<li> Avik Sarkar: 53% Spring 2021 and 67% Summer 2021 (Dean, WP2), thesis 2023</li>
</ol>
</div>


<p>
<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="we-need-to-update-what-we-have-published">We need to update what we have published </h2>

<p>
<div class="alert alert-block alert-block alert-text-normal">
<b></b>
<p>

<ol>
<li> The rodeo algorithm preprint <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.04092" target="_blank"><tt>https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.04092</tt></a></li>
<li> Simulation of Collective Neutrino Oscillations on a Quantum Computer <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.12556" target="_blank"><tt>https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.12556</tt></a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<p>
Discussion of where we are can be postponed till later. Need to make plans for how we meet.

<p>
<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="recruiting-of-students">Recruiting of students  </h2>

<ol>
<li> New students as of now, not there September 2020</li>

<ul>
  <li> Paul Aymeric McRae (incoming)</li>
  <li> Danny Jammoa  WP1 (spring 2021)</li>
  <li> Nicholas Cariello WP2+WP4  (summer 2021)</li>
</ul>

</ol>

<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="new-plans-proposals-and-existing-proposal-we-are-involved-in">New plans/proposals and existing proposal we are involved in </h2>

<ol>
<li> NSF Convergence Accelerator - Track C: QuSTEAM: Convergent undergraduate education in Quantum Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Mathematics  (Angela Wilson lead, several of us involved)</li>
<li> DoE Driven entanglement-enabled pathways in quantum materials (DEEPQM), UM lead institution (Alexei, Dean and Morten involved)</li>
<li> DoE Effective Field Theory and Renormalization Group Studies of Quantum Algorithms (Dean, Heiko, Morten and Scott)</li>
</ol>

<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="website">Website </h2>

<p>
<a href="https://github.com/QuantumComputingQuantumMachineLearning/QuantumComputingDoEProject" target="_blank"><tt>https://github.com/QuantumComputingQuantumMachineLearning/QuantumComputingDoEProject</tt></a>

<p>
<!-- !split --><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

<h2 id="other-topics">Other topics </h2>

<ol>
<li> Format for these meetings, suggestions for how to proceed</li>
</ol>


<!-- ------------------- end of main content --------------- -->


</body>
</html>
    

